#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass book
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
Chemcoder
\end_layout

\begin_layout Author
Rajat Kalia
\end_layout

\begin_layout Date
24-July-2021
\end_layout

\begin_layout Chapter*
Brief
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Enthrusted with the wisdom of Gaustine, we set our first foot in the vast
 oaklands of chemistry.
 One may tremble from the very origins of a molecule or the gaseous state,
 but don't worry, these things lead to a set body examploid only and girls
 do fine in chemistry.
 Mostly coz whenever i've begun teaching, chemistry demand is always on
 the high note.
 Vieler once made an observation , 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

If a blackhole can eat several Suns, we can certainly do something like
 that in chemistry also.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Now that the table is set and all attending can have free lunch , one must
 not go vizuvion of the remaining jungle in chemistry as we always think
 of chemistry as a study subject only and not some monster eating up humans
 coz there is need for elements or compounds.
 Let me tell you for straignt , if you have seen oggy drinking acid tanks
 in movies, that's a calculated stunt only .
 Children must not try any of these as even few drops of acid can give any
 elder also for life burns.
 So, mind it that stunts require adaptive control and limitless care and
 technique to make any good stuff actually happen in chemistry.
 Degrants may consider loose cotton cloths for lab works.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Life is passion , and passion is all sport , but Buchebuzkerzuk is run by
 Life only and not by anybody else.
 Wile's orchid might give only flowers and occasionally some vegetables
 also, but then it's not always 764 where vegetables are cooked also.
 So, food is good but problem comes as toilets are less elsewhere, but then
 we have all kind of toilet cleaning and also body cleaning stuff like soaps
 / deodrants etc and or the veluga hibiscus weed for allergy.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Chapter*
Acknowledgements
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Great acknowledgments to my brother Manish who scored the lowest in a KJ
 test for the first mark in the subject.
 Then there was always Rajat Gupta (Dropper/Bathinda/Patiala College) who
 always showed agressive oganic when it came to bewitching of Swati Jain
 etc and ofcourse the steadfast calculations.
 Some say he was an advanced version of Vinod, Everybody knows Vinod lost
 studies to Gaurav Salwan but then in the SS period he stayed friendly.
 While now it' open that Swati Jain was only a kid, but then there is no
 bound on how much a person can study himself.
 She might be a hardworking kid or maybe a gifted one, but yes, life is
 tough for everyone including me.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Chapter*
Organic, Physical Chemistry and Inorganic
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Nowadays we jump to Inorganic fast but then during IIT preparation days
 , Inorganic was a major fear factor as it was more or less JD Lee than
 just NCERT.
 However , Practical booklet helped me clear the cutoffs easily and even
 inorganic was also not on the lower side but then as far as hardcore IIT
 inorganic is concerned , I never completely did JD Lee as much I was into
 Morrison Boyd or Bruce H.
 Mahan.
 Physical Chemistry I've spent enormous time and details of course which
 makes it really easy but competitive and the repeated lectures have made
 it a bit boring altogether, that it can't be run again in this course on
 first precedence.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Now there are many books one can read, but then there is something called
 an Ideal course which takes it away from pulp learning but let me assure
 that chemistry is one subject which can be learnt best in that way only.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
